Add info about PR's processing (#15)
mate-academy/layout_task-guideline: README.md

> If you need an ADDITIONAL CODE REVIEW, click on re-request button at the PR page.
![Image of re-request button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38065883/104471439-89929200-55c3-11eb-824a-596bfb8aa246.png)

## Important 
In order to allow us to review your homework - do not close PR and do not open several PR's.
If there is a fork and PR, then any subsequent PR for that fork will be ignored

> and task status won't be synced to the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a fork and PR, then any subsequent PR for that fork will be ignored
and it won't be synced to the platform, only the first PR made after the fork will
```
